How to prepare a new campaign for KeeperFX
------------------------------
TOC
1. Introduction
2. Creating levels
3. Creating land view
4. Creating mentor description
5. Preparing campaign configuration file

1. Introduction

TODO

2. Creating levels

TODO

3. Creating land view

The land view is the place where you're selecting the level to play. The land view consists of:
a) a background picture over which you can move the view
b) an ensign which represents the next level to play (actually, ther may be many ensigns visible at once)
c) a frame picture which indicates that you're looking on the world from a distant tower of some kind

Also, a mentor voice which describes the next level can be hard in the land view
 screen. Preparation of the mentor audio files will be explained later. For now,
 we will focus on the graphics files needed to make custom background for the screen.

3.1. Drawing or selecting pictures

What you need to start is a series of land view pictures showing the "progress
 of evil" after beating every level.
To be exact, you need:
a) Land view picture at start of the campaign (whole green; this is used in
 special cases, ie. multiplayer screen)
b) Land view picture to be shown before every level (the place where ensign
 will be placed may be marked somehow, ie. be brighter)
c) Land view picture at end of the campaign (whole red; shown when the whole
 campaign is beaten)

The a) picture can be identical to the first picture of b) series, but you may
 also make it a bit different - ie. a bit lighter.

It is up to you what will be on these pictures. Usually, the picures are showing
 the same landscape - first picture shows a green, happy island, and the last
 one shows red, dead island flowing with lava. But if you have another idea for
 your campaign - you can use any theme you want.

While selecting photos or drawing your pictures, make notice of their resolution
 - the images in KeeperFX need to have size 1280x960 pixels. Also, make sure
 the important part of the picture isn't very close to its border - otherwise,
 the area you wanted to be visible may prove to be covered by a frame tower picture.

3.2. Retrieving bitmaps from original DK campaign

Currently, KeeperFX supports only 8-bit colour (256 colors) in land view pictures.
 But it won't be enough to just convert your image into 8-bit colour space. This
 is because KeeperFX also needs the resulting colors to match colors used in tower
 frame, ensign pictures and even mouse cursor.

That is why it's recommended to use one of colour palettes from original DK
 campaign. The fastest way is to just open one of original bitmaps and
 copy-paste the new image over original bitmap.

You will need the following tools:
a) DKTools 0.9.5 - a pack of utilities for Dungeon Keeper

The files with land view pictures are located in "ldata" folder inside KeeperFX.
 Every picture consists of two files - a RAW file which stores the actual bitmap,
 and the PAL file which defines colors used by that file. The files we need:
 "dkmap??.raw" and "dkmap??.pal". Now, the RAW files are compressed using RNC
 - you have to extract them, and then convert to BMP format. Or there's even
 simpler way - use DKTools. Just remember to get it in version 0.9.5 - the new
 one doesn't seem to provide functionality of converting RAWs to BMPs.

Use the RAW tab of DKTools - select source file, destination folder and press
 "Extraction". Do this for all the files ("dkmap00.raw" to "dkmap21.raw").

3.3. Preparing pictures in correct color space

Now it's time to explain exactly how can you make your pictures compatible with
 KeeperFX colors.

You will need the following tools:
a) Adobe Photoshop - or other graphics program which can write RAW/PAL files

So, we have two sets of pictures - the ones you wish to have as your land view,
 and the ones extracted from original campaign of Dungeon Keeper. First, make
 sure that your pictures have correct resolution - they have to be 1280x960
 pixels. Strech them or crop them if neccessery.

Now open first of your pictures, select the whole image area and copy it into
 clipboard. Next open a BMP file from original campaign, and paste your image
 over it. You will notice that colors have changed - this is because colors
 in your image have been replaced with neares colors from the original campaign
 picture palette. If the result looks very bad, try another one of the original
 campaign bitmaps - you need to find the one which will make your picture
 look a bit better. You'll never find a perfect match, just select the one
 that fits best.

When you'll find the best match, just write the image to BMP format. You will
 also need a corresponding PAL file for that bitmap - it's easier to copy the
 PAL file from original DK campaign than to create it from BMP. Copy your PAL
 file to the same name as the BMP you've saved and move to next bitmap.

Why you can't make your picture use your colors, and not the one from original
 campaign? Well, that would be just much more complicated to do. If you're
 a programmer or binary hacker, you may be able to do that, but it's not trivial
 and is definitely out of scope of this guide.

3.4. Writing pictures into RAW/PAL format

Now you should have a set of BMP files with your land view pictures. It is just
 a matter of converting the BMP into a format which is understood by the game.

Bitmap data needs to be written into RAW format (without header), and colour
 palette needs to be in PAL format (also, simple 24 bits-per-color PAL) file.

Actually, if you've copied PAL file from original DK campaign, you don't need
 to change it - just use the one you have.

To write RAW file in Adobe Photoshop, use "Save as" dialog and selact
 "Photoshop RAW" as target format.

Every of the resulting RAW files should have size of exactly 1228800 bytes - if it's
 smaller, that means you've got bad resolution. If it's bigger - it's either bad
 resolution or bad color space.

Every of the resulting PAL files should have 768 bytes.

4. Creating mentor description

TODO

5. Preparing campaign configuration file

TODO
