Burdened Imps' Level Pack
Land descriptions script for KeeperFX

Introductions Created from author's descriptions(EN).
Endings written by Ninja(PL).

Intro (should be recorded with first level description):

Me Dug. Dug is your imp leader.
Master finds new lands. Many heroes. Very dangerous! Dug pass on place of lands. Keeper can show skill.


Moonshadow Keep
Keep full of good knights and wizards. Piss master off. Kill knights and wizards and make new home for keeper.

Ha ha ha, Lord of the Land is just being fried, ha ha.

Winterfrost Run
Dug no get why called Winterfrost. Place very warm. Heroes killed keeper. You take place. Kill heroes!

Dug proud to have master. Master good for Dug and Dug good for master.

Blistering Furnace
Master found more land. Place called Blistering Furnace. Dug been there. Land cold on feet, warm on head. Bad keeper there. Has portal. Master not. Master steal heroes to create army. Master clever. Dug run off now. Dug given day off. Dug work hard. Dug now smoke. Special smoke.

Dug helps master; dig a hole to put heroes. Rotten heroes stink badly!

Raven's Claw
Master takes you to Raven's Claw. Cave with four evil bad bad magic people! Keeper need go through haunted keep. Dug think scary. Master think amusing. Master thank Keepers for feeding bag. Run now.

Dug good in digging and swinging pickaxe. Dug be glad to serve at next occasion, ha ha.

Silversong Fall
Master find one more land. It called Silversong Fall. People living in ground. That Keeper's domain. Kill intruders. Destroy underground village! Master tired from travelling. Not find new land soon. Work not stop for Dug! Dug go dig! 

Dug strong! Dug had courage to strike a Dwarf in head. With decayed apple.

Waterspring River
Land called Springwater River. Keepers need to kill naughty knights. Naughty knights! Naughty knights! Hope keepers enjoy! Dug give hint: Not attack right away. Wait for attacks first. If you not get creatures strong in time then dig around. Keeper might find something useful. Dug say bye! Work work work.

Dug run away! Reaper mad, kills all friends! Oh, poor Dug!

Amberstone Hills
Master proud to present yet more land. Land called Amberstone Hills. Enemy keeper stripped you clean. Careful with Dug's friends in beginning! Or keeper fail. Dug give no hint! Easy for smart keeper. Here all dungeons are, if keeper missed one. Include beetle fix, Master says! Now Master is drained again. And Master call Dug lazy!

Dug wants go dig. But there's nothing left, arghh!

Dreamweave Caverns
The 8th level is called Dreamweave Caverns. Four wizards have cast a spell of fear over your servants, Keeper. Twelve imps fled into the northern part of these caves. Find at least eight of them and make sure they live. Oh, your servants took your spellbooks as well. Time to do a thorough search.

Dug helped with conquering the land! If Dug didn't throw some earth in Lord of the Land's helmet, Horny would end up badly. Yes, the lord got sand in his eyes, ha ha ha!



Alternate translation of endings - by Czapa:

Hihihihihi... Lord of land is frying exactly... hihiihihi

Dug is proud of Dug's lord. Lord is good for dug and dug is good for lord.

Dug is good for Lord. Dug dig a hole for heroes. Hole stink.

Dug is master in digging and pickaxe swinging. Dug will serve in next occasion.hihiihh

Dug is strong. Dug bravely hit Tunneler by rotten apple in head. hihihih

Dug have to run! Horned Reaper rampaging! He killin' friends! Dig unlucky!

Dug wanna dig! Dug have no land to dig arghh!

Dug had his matter in conquer world! If dig do not throw ground in Lord of Land helmets, Horned dead. Yes, it Lord of Land was hit by ground into eyes! hihihi!
