Good Campaign
Land descriptions script for KeeperFX

written by Ninja(PL)
translated by Mefistotelis(EN)

Level 1

First step - The land ruled by bad, angry keeper, who tortures his subordinates for fun. 
Children are terribly afraid of him, because he eats one for dinner every day. Apparently we have to change his taste, my lord.

We've quickly got rid of the keeper; he had no chances against You, lord. Local children are now happiest in the world. Excellent job.

Level 2

Offspring - Abominately evil Reaper governs here. Over a wing, he prefers leg for lunch. Fresh leg of a plump peasant. Beat him and win the next kingdom!

We have captured the Reaper and handed over to the local inhabitants. They hanged him, then burried.
 Rumours has it that when there's no moon in night, his floating spirit can still be seen near his grave.

Level 3

Snow white and dwarves - Once this has been very quiet, but one day keeper came and destroyed everything on his way. 
All the residents are now kept in prison. There's no time to wait, get a sword and go liberate them!

The land has returned to its original look; there's peace and quiet one again. Residents of the surrounding estate are very grateful to you. 
Excellent job, my lord.

Level 4

Warlocks slave - This land is controlled by a foul warlock, which uses powerful black magic. 
He has charmed souls of the dead to fight on his side. We need to eliminate him as soon as possible!
	
Torturing the magician took some time, but after a few hours the light of wisdom has descended on him. 
Now he's teaching basics of white magic to the residing people. Excellent job, Master!

Level 5

Ug the Barbarian - Ruthless barbarian with his band of criminals is forcing poor peasants to pay him a tribute. 
Another keeper has also came here to corrupt villagers. We should give him a lesson he will not forget!

Ug has joined our side, we just had to help him a little bit. 
Now he's helping local people to train an army of defenders in use of battle hammers, and self defense.

Level 6

Power of Faith - Evil guardian of this land is totally devoted to his faith in demons. 
May his demons eat him alive, but first, let's desecrate his damned temples, my Lord!

Residents thank you, lord, for being freed from the evil guardian. 
They've raised a great monument so that your bravery would never be forgotten. Exordinary style!

Level 7

Indoctrination - There's still ongoing fight for this land between two keepers. We'll jump in as a third power, to fight for peace in this area.
	
Of the 3 powers, you have proved to be the one worth controlling this area. 
People here can finally live in peace. So this is, where two fights each other, the third benefits.

Level 8

Three on One - This land is ruled by three evil keepers, who intend to stand against you together. Show them what a real war is!

Pitiful tactics of the enemies were real act of desperation. 
This is the first time I've seen so short and sharp clashes, commanded by your hand. Now the population is finally happy. You're a growing legend!

Level 9

Impure Blood - Evil spirits and demons are in control of this area. Some time ago, a noble king tried to recapture it. 
He have failed, but he left a dungeon completely built. This means we may quickly get to work.

Clear water flows through this landf once again. People there have already forgotten how good it tastes, but can now learn this once again - thanks to you. 
Well done!

Level 10

Save the Savior - The black blood brothers are governing here. They've captured our best warrior, the Avatar.
 We need to send them to the beyond, as soon as possible!

After capturing the local vampires, we've tortured them until they could see the light.
 Then we've given them a choice - to go to temple as sacrifices, or as priests. They've chosen the second, and are now very successful religion teachers.

Level 11

Do or die - This last task can only be completed by our great hero, the Avatar.
 Former vampires have agreed to teach you the possession spell. Use it to reach the heart of the enemy dungeon.

Hurray, victory! At last, the whole world is at peace of with we dreamed through whole life.
 With you, dreams have became reality. All hail the new king!
