Destiny of the Ninja
Land descriptions script for KeeperFX

written by Ninja(PL)
translated by Ninja(EN)

Shadow Ninja - Greet the Warrior of the Shadow, one  Shogun spaced out its own armies in the way to the province Iga, you must kill him so that we be able to go this way to the province Iga!

Bloody dear  way was cleaned what together permitted to go on us to the province Iga.

Extrem Ninja - After the way to the province Iga, we stumbled across the small village which wields bad Shogun. Inhabitants of this land starve. We must kill this Shoguna!

In fine weather the city -  This land became now sunny and quiet, all that one owes to You, Ninja. The excellent work!

Escape  - We have a lot a problem the warrior, we became  rimmed a magic barrier by  which one cannot go. We must kill the enemy ruler to be able to go  the province Iga. To the work!

Beautyfle-country - We killed the enemy ruler and at last we reached  to the province Iga. Now we will assemble on attacks Shogun&#8217;s of the emperor. The excellent work, the warrior of the shadow!

Dungeon Ninja - Our following aim in the liberation of Japan from the emperor is one  Shgoun. You must kill him at any cost!

to delivers-  In this land she blooms law and order, it is all thanks to you. The perfect work!

Spectre  - Our next is following shogun. We must kill him to weaken the emperor&#8242;s army. To the work the warrior of the shadow!

The beautiful land - The land is now beautiful and was set at liberty from bad Shogun. The perfect excellent work!

Speed Ninja - It is our following aim, here you will not be able to put off with the realization of the mission. The cellar here is not too stable and one is by at any moment to cover up. Successes!

Valley -  This land is now beautiful and quiet, all thanks to us, slowly we approach to the
end  of our adventure.

Secret Ninja - This mission is no mean the challenge but I think that to yourself you will advise, successes!

the splendid land  - Inhabitants were delivered from the bad ruler and we behind have together  still yet one Shogun to the destruction, later will become to us himself emperor! The excellent work!

Kill shogun - It is already last Shogun is the destruction. He is a lot more powerful from dead shoguns. Easy does it!

gentle lands -  This land became set at liberty from misgovernment Shogun. Became us the only one aim to the destruction himself Emperor! The excellent work  the man of the shadow!

Kill emperor - The emperor  was closed in its own of castle, the time to break to him of castle and to kill him! To the work the Warrior of the Shadow!

Beatyfle Land-  This land is most beautiful we occupied also the lock castle the emperor and we prepared the there our own fortress. I congratulate to you the execution of so great act!  