DzjeeAr's 6-level campaign
Land descriptions script for KeeperFX

written by Ninja(PL)
translated by Czapa(EN)

Land 1

Pile of its own good - This land has never gained pain or the beauty of WAR. Everyone here is happy. You must change it immediately, my lord.

Handful of stones - Now, this land has tasted all the wonders of pain and war. Recently, its inhabitants were happy. Now we are happy. Great job, my lord!

Land 2

Ancient Fortress - This is a splendid fortress. Many keepers tried to conquer it, but no one done it at last. It is time to change this place into ruins!

Splendid ruins - In my whole poor life I haven't seen stones crushed so wonderfully, and ugly humans cut in half as you did it... Now I can see scenes from my best dreams! Good work!

Land 3

The Necromancer - This land is under rule of one Vampire, who is master in his worship.. Unfortunately, this ignorant fool refused to join our forces.. Now, it's time to show him, who will be master of this sad land.

Valley of Vampires - The defeated vampire refused to acknowledge your rule.. But a few troll's hammer hits in his mutt, was enough for change his mind. I ordered him to change all local humans into vampires.. Now even children are on the DARK SIDE :D

Land 4

Frozen Plains - Even the humans have left this land, in arachnophoby. They feared that giant spiders could come to their houses thru windows and eat them on dinner. Now we will bake those arthropods on supper!

Warm plains - Now we can in calmness admire the sights this land, with its stirring lava drift. Spiders are crunchy, when we bake them in this hot lava long enough.

Land 5

Barbarian Stronghold - Barbarians are horrible human nation. Before centuries, they were afraid of attacks from underground so much, that they have built this impressive stronghold. We must conquer it at all costs! 

Keepers Stronghold - Barbarians switched to our side without any complications. Now we've got there even a circus :O My favorite trick is throwing knifes to barbarians! You should try it some day, my lord!

Land 6

Final Countdown - One last step separates us from final victory. None of the keepers went to those lands before. We only know, that all the people which survived, have regrouped there. They are awaiting you..

Magmaland - Finally, we won! Now with the whole world conquered, at last we can go rest and relax, watching how blood and lava joyfully flows through all the plains, meadows and mountains! 


