Post Ancient Keeper
Land descriptions script for KeeperFX

writen by Ninja (PL)
translated by Szaman (EN)

Armageddon - Land is worn out by lava, but nonetheless, yonder people are happy. The time to change has come, my black Master!

The Horned Ripper had a lot joys to cut heads and bodies of this settlement's inhabitants! The perfect view, isn't it?

Collect - The Land is less drunk with lava compared to previous one, but also a lot more honest. People are quiet and very nice for themselves. It's time to start a war, here!

Now the Land no longer is such quiet; volcano eruptions are at least once every hour. Inhabitants tried hard to save themsevles, but fortunately did not succeed. Excellent work my lord.

Sacrifice this - The land with rich biography - many murders, but also many sacrifices took place here. Now we will sacrifice the population in our demonic prey to ravage this land!

the Land came back to roots directly to inhabitants we showed as well to be to bad. Even children steal, the excellent work my Lord!

Defection - the Land of love and the calm, fie I loathe to such of places, better quickly to these let us see about my Lord.

Over this land hung the new name the Pain. Inhabitants of her slowly themselves go by the board just of course with our help. Ours Black we Will give well and slowly them they torture. The excellent view, the untruth you?

Imps - In mines of this land are Imps which hinder very much in the conquest of this Land, many guards tried, but to none did not succeed. You must be this first!

Our Imps built the gigantic ravine of the round this land. In the ravine issued the lava and to her we began to lower lively inhabitants of the settlement. The perfect pleasure to watch such unparalleled spectacle, the untruth?

Clone - Land wields the good and honest lord. The time of him on to teach gentility. Of course our habits!

Land we called so because because after gardens of the ruler of the land we spread remainders of human bodies became which after the mass take off of people by through our of favourite of Horned the Ripper. The perfect work you sir!

Dig - Became to us the still one good land to the destruction. Last remainders of the human sort , elfs and bogy means hide in this land. She will track down them and kill to rule over with the all the world!

So certainly my stamping ground. I worship to go outdoors and to look on the red sky blood and the lava flowing after this land. The excellent work my Lord! 
