Quest for the Hero campaign
Land descriptions script for KeeperFX

written by Ninja(PL)
translated by Ninja(EN)

Manudania with this - Land wield powerful dragons, but their time draws to end. Kill him my Master!

Fhaight Town - Now we killed powerful dragons, we have quite a lot skins. We can announce with them our beautiful dungeons, the untruth?

And-Maze-ing - In this land rules nine Horned Rippers, they live in the great labyrinth, watch you back my lord. This not be the easy exercise&#8230;

Schyte - Land Horned were not till so difficult warriors then the conquest, the excellent work, my lord!

Hivespawn - In this land is in abundance monsters which themselves to us with wishes would join, but are and such which gladly killed that us. We must gain this land at any cost!

Death End - to You which did not want themselves to join to us became convicted on the death in the name of Satan! The excellent work, my Lord!

Tower of Power -  This Land wield Magi of the light whose defend a great samurai. Let us open the gates to the fortress and let us kill them with cold with blood!

The tower of the death - This ground got this whereupon deserved, we passed judgement mags on the eternal damnation! Now they cannot leave this tower go are  dead. The perfect work my evil Master!

Dambreak - In this land rules three powerful keeper, once they killed other keeper and imprisoned his people in prisons. If them you will save this surely they will enter into your army.

The Castle of the Death - Thus it became made this what ordered to us Lucifer! The perfect work my Lord!

Sin-king - with This land wield courageous knights who will defend this ground to the last drop of blood. We with wishes will drop to them her a little!

The rust - From the armour of warriors we made the exhibition on our, when armours will begin to rust this only the view  will be!

Superblah - Is not well the situation changed, after the region prowled one the vampire which resurrect all warriors to skeletons. Skeletons will not give back to us this land without the renewed fight! Let us make this what want!

Of bone - From the bone of dead warriors we put down floors in our cellar, became to us another target to the winning, is the powerful fortress.

Stronghold - with Our last land to the conquest wield Monks, are under the protection of paladins thus let us destroy him first and, later the monks!

Blood land - Threw bodies of monks to the temple committing great sacrilegiously! Now we can be glad with the beauty spot of flowing lava and blood sky! The excellent work my Master!