Lord Vexer
Land descriptions script for KeeperFX

written by Ninja(PL)
translated by Mefistotelis(EN)

Level 1

Allarvale - The first land is ruled by a good and fair lord, which is completely enchanted with the magic of Vexer. We need to change the land to be the most disgusting in the world!

Blooddale - The blood of former inhabitants of this land, has flooded all the nearby villages. Deluge of blood is really beautiful phenomenon, just a shame that it happens so rarely.

Level 2

Motmot - The land doesn't have any true ruler, and is very peaceful. Until today! Another keeper threw the challenge to fight for this land. You should speak to his common sense and show him our justice!

Drownman-marsh - When the guardian was defeated, we've decided to demolish the dam which was in the city. The water penetrated all around, drowning the inhabitants residing there. What a wonderful scenery, don't you think?

Level 3

Darvicious - This land has a strong and noble ruler. There's a castle, protected by surrounding lava. The knight seems not to know that lava is not an obstacle for us!

Lavaglow - When we've conquered this land, the lava flowed through one of our tunnels to the surface. Now, in both day and night, the sky is glowing red. Excellent job, my lord!

Level 4

Blossom - People are living in truth and joy in this peaceful village. Everyone is happiest in the world. The time has come to change that!

Bonewalk - We've decided to put all the local residents in closed cell, and let them out only when they give up the ghost. After two weeks, we've let them out to re-populate the city. Now only living dead are walking there. What's strange, they enjoy their existence as good as when they were alive!

Level 5

Forlon - This small village does not have any large garrison or defense. We should change it soon into our garrison!

Wardemonville - Our demons have now a training place which should prepare them to the main challenge, Lord Vexer!

Level 6

Vexershrine - Lord Vexer is hiding in his castle, and expects you impatiently. He's a powerful vampire warrior. He has summoned an army of undead to protect this area.

Veinsplash - When we've fulfilled our main objective, the blood started to drift again around the world. Beautiful view, is't it?
