Twin Keepers campaign
Land descriptions script for KeeperFX

written by Wyrmcast(EN), 20 Jun 2009

descriptions:

Level 1 Good:

Softhome

The people here in this quaint little town are free of gastrointestinal pains by blessing of a local group of philanthropic wizards. Despicable; I expect you to use only the most painful tortures in your dealings with these rats.

Level 1 Evil:

Hellmark

You will be overjoyed to hear that all the town's inhabitants have been butchered. Now their corpses are being burnt over the ruins of their hovels - savor the smell!

Good 2:

Bloom

This enchanted forest is filled with huge trees and strange, stinking flowers; we must develop this blight for the sake of our creatures' noses.

Evil 2:

Doom

Your minions have chopped down all the trees and turned them into pleasing wooden demonic baubles, to be sold on the black market for exorbitant prices.

Good 3:

Joybelly

Food is consumed and stomachs are fattened here as hands reach for pastries. These 'heroes' eat enough to cause bile demons constipation. But let us get to the slaughter; obesity is not as quick a killer as the scythe.

Evil 3:

Fat's Bane

The few in this realm who somehow avoided being immediately carved up by our demons have been put on a strict diet of cockroaches and plague infected rats. A delicious victory, wouldn't you say?

Good 4

Featherburg

People here frolic in fields alongside giant poultry known as 'bird-friends'. It is a noxious, disgusting place; could use a heavy dose of bubonic plague.

Evil 4

Grimm

It would be a gross understatement to say that you devastated this place; in fact, you totally sterilized it with brilliant hellfire. Only a Keeper of your stature could turn a ruin into such a warm, wonderful place to live.

Good 5

Hopeville

Optimism is the word here. Families love each other; nothing could ever go wrong; the world looks bright. Indeed it will be when this land is covered in molten lava and all of these creeps are dead.

Evil 5

Death's Edge

Volcanic eruptions, anthrax, and heavy taxes now hold this land in a death grip. The world looks bright!

Good 6

Lovesmile

Absolute joy. Eternal love and happiness. Long lives and proper care for the elderly. This place is just terrible. It needs to be crushed into the ground.

Evil 6

Reap

You, great destroyer, have crushed the good Kingdom of Love and destroyed your rivals, the Twin Keepers. Your charming efforts have left such deep, festering marks that great Demons have given you a seat in Hades itself. Now take a vacation.
