KDK Levels
Land descriptions script for KeeperFX

written by Ninja(PL)
translated by Ninja(EN)

First crawling -  This land is under the rule of the right and honest lord who is ready to give back its own life for this land. Interested whether comes off it, perhaps this we will check?

The land of traitors - So as I judged, the as if great lord and he joined to us as soon as had such opportunity! The propagation of the evil is our mission, let us perform her well.

War experience -  This land is handcuffed ice, little is here inhabitants but anyway we must gain this land at any cost!

Red Ice - After the conquest of this land the people was exchanged on the red after by the overflow of all blood of this land on winters the people. The greet work, my Lord!

Evil use of magic -  This land is a land well-known from the eternal good. The time to change her into the land of the eternal evil!

The land of the eternal evil -  This land experienced this what we wanted, the perfect work my Lord!

Arbeit macht evil - This land is quiet and beautiful. Here most beautiful flowers  grow. The time it to deracinate!

The land of the rotten flower - The rotten flower, so hence will be called this land. The perfect work, my Lord!

Evil meets another -   This land wields other keeper. We must kill him that to gain this land!

Evil land - After the local land dead go that is to say the zombie. Every who himself will bring closer to them gets with the axe into the head. The excellent work, my Lord!

Blood forever stained - Reportedly in this land ages ago became the imprisoned powerful vampire. I think that if you will find him this with wishes it will join to you and will help to you to fight against other keeper.

Vamire land - Our vampire well himself caused, exchanged local inhabitants into other vampires. The excellent work, my Master!

Orcs needed - The keeper you have a rival other keeper also it wants to take over this land, but do not forget about people they also they will defend themselves!

Cave's land -  This land was razed to the ground, resultant here numerous caves from which we created the powerful cellar. The perfect work, my Lord!

Meet mr Reaper  -   This land looks with like one of most beautiful lands from the story. The time to lesson to them evil!

Sunken lands  - Our imp's ravaged the dam which saved inhabitants before the sinking. All disgusting, stinking water flooded this land. The beauty spot isn't it?

Flies in the net -  This land is coated beautiful snow, the time to melt him on and to prepare here true shit! 
 

Damned lands -  This land became abominably stinking. The dung of cows and other animals was gathered to the great reservoir then poured out from the hill on the all land. The perfect work, my Lord!

No portal Quest - Once in this land went on powerful battles, many from fighting soldiers it became filled up in caves. Now for this land is fighting other guard, do not permit to gain him this land!

No portal land's  - In this land there is practically nothing after behind the handful of villagers. Of course we killed them but we must leave on the conquest of the next land, because has here nothing interested.

Will they stop? - In this land rules not very ambitious but the brave lord. We must provoke him so that he reach  to our dungeons!

The land of cowards - The ruler of this land is a great coward. He escaped from the battlefield but our Horned Raper had time to catch up the fool and to cut off him the head with her own scythe! The perfect work, my Lord!

There can be only one - Two sets of keeper wields this land, the time their to kill to gain this land!

The land of of  straight faces  - Every from inhabitants became obligatorily struck a hammer into the face,  so that their face be very misshapen. Now this land is called a land of not straight faces! The perfect work, my Lord!

Their gold vs your brain -  This land is in possession of people, but not only thou wilt to occupy this land. Other keeper has in the same way malices as you. Successes, my lord!

The land of eternal riches - Our black Magi exchanged inhabitants of this land into veins of golds. Now we have here gigantic of the wealth of gold! The excellent work,  my Lord!

Warning - Evil dog - In this land wander ownerless dogs which bite to death local inhabitants on the death. Perhaps we will help  to them?

Evil dog land - We caught local inhabitants and we attached them to the floor, we closed them in the room with ravenous Dogs. Oh this was the beauty spot!

Kill'em all  - Two other keeper also it wants to take over this land! In addition are here people which also will defend themselves, announces the interested duel!

The battlefield - The gigantic battle wos happened here, and we became  as only invincible as always! The perfect  work, my Lord!

Enter of the dragons - In this land reigns the powerful keeper, we must kill him at any cost!

Enter of the Keeper - Now this we are here reigning and every who to us will oppose becoming  dead, the time to attack right into the heart goods!

Bermuda triangle -  This land is a not large locality in which hides the handful people, we must them kill to gain the all the world!

Blood Land's - The excellent work, it succeeded to You to gain the all the world!  With what we will see about now!
